Moment Motor Co. Auto Mobile Company
Moment Motor Co. Auto Wrap Campaign
BELOW ARE THE THINGS YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT THE WRAP CAMPAIGN
Moment Motor Co. recently gained popularity and a couple of multinational businesses are in a long-term partnership with us for expansion throughout the country.​
We are currently seeking to employ individuals in the State who would like to make extra money from Moment Motor Co. by getting paid for driving their own car to advertise for Moment Motor Co.
Moment Motor Co. Seeks People
Moment Motor Co. seeks regular citizens, not only professional drivers, to go about their normal daily routine as they usually do, only with an advert for the "Moment Motor Co. Sticker" plastered on their car. The ads are typically vinyl decals, also known as "Auto wraps," that will almost seem to be painted on the vehicle, and this will cover a small portion of your car's exterior surface.
What does the company get out of this type of ad strategy?
Lots of exposure and awareness. The auto wraps tend to be colorful and eye-catching and attract lots of attention. Plus, it's a form of advertising with a captive audience, meaning people who are stuck in traffic can't avoid seeing the wrapped car beside them.
Main Benefits of Effective Advertisements:
Increasing brand & product awareness
Standing out from the competition
Attracting current & potential customers
Educating your business customers
Increasing sales volume & ROI
Improving your brand positioning “image”
Supporting other business operations
Compensation/Salary:
You will be compensated with $350.00 per week via certified bank check & Direct Deposit Only, which is essentially a payment for letting Moment Motor Co. use the space, and no fee is required from you to participate.
Moment Motor Co. will provide vinyl car decals specialists who will handle the advert placement on your car. You will receive an upfront payment in the form of a check via USPS/FEDEX courier service or by Direct Deposit for accepting to carry this advert on your vehicle.
One of our sponsor companies for this program will issue a certified check to you, and you will deduct your first week payment once the check as been cashed and send the rest to the tech/installer as payment for the logo installation and removal of the decals after the program expires in 12 weeks.
Minimum Period For Advert: 4 weeks (1 Month)
Maximum Period For Advert: 12 weeks (3 Months)
Decal Size: Small size of 18x28 inches magnet with rounded corners to be installed on the vehicle door side or fender.
Note:
No application fee is required. A Moment Motor Co. agent will contact you via text or email once you have applied and will update you about your first week payment within 24-48 hours.
Interested qualified candidates will need to carry this advert on the exterior of their vehicle, and we will pay $350.00 per week, which is essentially a "rental" payment for letting our company use a little space on your vehicle to place our advert logo. We will provide the expert agents who will handle placing the logo on your vehicle. One of our program's sponsors will issue a certified check to you, and you will deduct your first week payment ($350.00) once the check as been cashed, sending the rest to the Graphic Artist Installer/Tech for payment for the logo installation and removal after the program expires in 12 weeks. After the wrap has been done, your weekly pay will always be mailed to you.
MAKE SURE TO FILL IN YOUR VALID MAILING ADDRESS (THAT'S WHERE YOUR FIRST UPFRONT PAYMENT WILL BE SENT TO)
Thank you,
Moment Motor Co. Wrap Campaign Manager
Sign in to Google to save your progress. Learn more
* Indicates required question
Email
*

Moment Motor Co. | Auto Mobile Company

Minimum Period For Advert
*
1 Month
3 Month
First Name
*

Last Name
*

ADDRESS (No PO Box) Needed.
*

State
*

City
*

Zip Code
*

Cell Number
*

Reconfirm Cell Number
*

Reconfirm Email
*

Car Type/Model
*

Payment Type
*
Check
Direct Deposit
BANK NAME (NOTE: YOUR BANK DETAILS IS NOT REQUIRED)
*

Website
A copy of your responses will be emailed to the address that you provided.